feat(libraries): remove subscribe section + fix wording (#59) (#59)
FiligranHQ/xtm-hub-docs: docs/index.md

# XTM Hub Documentation Space

> Welcome to the XTM Hub Documentation space. Here you will be able to find all documents, meeting notes and presentations about the product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the XTM Hub Documentation. Here you'll find comprehensive documentation covering all the features and functionality of XTM Hub.
```
